
**2025/01/20 14:41:34**

- [分享卓别林的一首小诗，当我开始爱自己](https://www.douban.com/group/topic/261147753/?_spm_id=ODg4MTIyMzI&_i=73550718L3rFgj)

- <p data-align="">As I began to love myself</p><p data-align=""> I found that anguish and emotional sufferings are only warning signs that I was living against my own truth.</p><p data-align=""> Today I know this is </p><p data-align="">authenticity.</p><p data-align=""></p><p data-align=""> As I began to love myself</p><p data-align=""> I understood how much I can offend somebody as I try to force my desires on this person, even though I knew the time was not right and the person was not ready for it, and even though this person was me.</p><p data-align=""> Today I call it </p><p data-align="">respect.</p><p data-align=""></p><p data-align=""> As I began to love myself,</p><p data-align=""> I stopped craving for a different life and I could see that everything that surrounded me was inviting me to grow.</p><p data-align=""> Today I call it</p><p data-align="">Maturity.</p><p data-align=""></p><p data-align=""> As I began to love myself,</p><p data-align=""> I understood that at any circumstances I AM in the right place at the right time and everything happens at the exactly right moment.  So I could be calm.</p><p data-align=""> Today I call it,</p><p data-align=""> Self confidence.</p><p data-align=""></p><p data-align=""> As I began to love myself,</p><p data-align=""> I quit stealing my own time and I stopped designing huge projects for the future.</p><p data-align=""> Today I only do what brings me joy and happiness, things I love to do and that make my heart cheer.  And I do them in my own way, and in my own rymthm.</p><p data-align=""> Today I call it,</p><p data-align="">SIMPLICITY.</p><p data-align=""></p><p data-align=""> As I began to love myself,</p><p data-align=""> I afraid myself of anything that is no good for my health--- Food people, things, situations and everything that drew down and away from myself. At first I called this attitude a healthy egoism.</p><p data-align="">Today I know it is </p><p data-align="">Love Of Oneself.</p><p data-align=""></p><p data-align=""> As I began to love myself,</p><p data-align=""> I quit trying to always be right and ever since I was wrong less of the time.</p><p data-align="">Today I discovered this is </p><p data-align="">MODESTY.</p><p data-align=""></p><p data-align=""> As I began to love myself,</p><p data-align=""> I refuse to go on living in the past and worry about the future. Now I only live for the moment where everything is happening.</p><p data-align="">Today I live each day, day by day and a call it</p><p data-align="">FULLFILLMENT.</p><p data-align=""></p><p data-align="">As I began to love myself</p><p data-align=""> I recognized that my mind can disturb me and it can make me sick.  But as I connected it to my heart, my mind become a valuable ally.</p><p data-align=""> Today I called this connection</p><p data-align=""> Wisdom Of The Heart.</p><p data-align=""></p><p data-align=""> We no longer need to feel argument,confrontation, or any kind of problem with ourselves or others. Even stars collide and out of their crashing new worlds are born.</p><p data-align=""> Today I know,  This is life.</p>


---

